Clarify CPU Core Allotment in Deployment Metrics (#1952)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-metrics.md

#### Available metrics

- **CPU Usage Per Pod (%)**: This metric graphs the peak CPU usage for all workers and schedulers for a given interval. Different worker and scheduler Pods appear as differently colored lines on this chart. For scheduler metrics, the maximum allowable CPU for each scheduler Pod appears as a dotted red line.

>   The utilization percentage value is proportional to the number of CPU cores assigned to a worker Pod. For this reason, the maximum utilization percentage value for a worker Pod with multiple assigned CPU cores can be greater than 100%. For example, because the maximum utilization percentage value for a single CPU core is 100%, the maximum utilization percentage value for a worker Pod with four assigned CPU cores is 400%. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The percentage value proportional to the usage of a single CPU core by a worker Pod. For this reason, the utilization percentage value for a worker Pod with multiple CPU cores can be greater than 100%. For example, because the maximum utilization percentage value for a single CPU core is 100%, the utilization percentage value for a worker Pod with four assigned CPU cores can be as much as 400%. 
```
@howardyoo in your original suggested edit, you mention a bit about "Maximum utilization percentage", but is it also possible for the actual utilization percentage to be >100%? To me this is the more important part of the behavior to document, so I made a suggestion to focus more on "utilization percentage" instead of "maximum utilization percentage"

Reviewer 2: @jwitz , so to explain this a little bit better, the utilization percentage can go higher than 100%, in case when the worker pod is running its workload with more than single core CPU. And I mentioned `proportional` since the `max utilization` can be 100%, 200%, 300%, and 400% in accordance to 1core, 2cores, 3cores, and 4cores assigned to it. Hope this makes sense.

Reviewer: @kwcanuck I think based on this answer, it's better to frame this detail in terms of "utilization percentage" instead of "max utilization percentage"
